Update getting-started.adoc (#3710)
vividus-framework/vividus: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/getting-started.adoc

gradlew build
----

== Get an existing tests project from GitHub

> . Login to http://github.com/[GitHub] (create a new account at first if you don't have any).
> . Navigate to the target VIVIDUS tests repo page (e.g. https://github.com/vividus-framework/vividus-sample-tests)
> . Create a fork of the target tests repo to be able to execute & modify scripts at your convinience:
> - click 'Fork' icon at the top-right corner of the screen
> - the prepopulated values cover the avg. user needs, so just click 'Create a fork' button. 
> - as the result you now have a copy of the target tests repo at your personal GitHub folder.
> . Clone your newly generated repository:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Login to http://github.com/[GitHub] (create a new account at first if you don't have any).
. Navigate to the target VIVIDUS tests repo page (e.g. https://github.com/vividus-framework/vividus-sample-tests)
. Create a fork of the target tests repo to be able to execute & modify scripts at your convenience:
- click 'Fork' icon at the top-right corner of the screen
- the pre-populated values cover the avg. user needs, so just click 'Create a fork' button.
- as the result you now have a copy of the target tests repo at your personal GitHub folder.
. Clone your newly generated repository:
```
